1.Demonstrate various string constructor with proper java programs.

2.Demostrate string length, string literal, string concat

3.Demostrate tostring()

4. Using getchars() , extract Bmsce from “ Welcome to Bmsce college”

5.Demostrate getbytes(),tocharArray() with proper java programs

6.Check the following output and write the java programs using string function
Bmsce equals Bmsce -&gt; true
Bmsce equals College -&gt; false
Bmsce equals BMSCE -&gt; false
Bmsce equalsIgnoreCase BMSCE -&gt; true

7. Using regionmatches() find the substring “Bmsce college “ from the string “Welcome to
Bmsce College of Engineering” , if matches display substring is matched otherwise display not
matched

8. Demonstrate startwith() to give output true and false.

9. Demonstrate endswith() to give output true and false.

10. Demostrate a java program to show the output for equals() versus ==

11. Write a java program to perform sorting for alphabets using compareto()
“van”, “watch”,”ball”, “cat”,”xmas”,”yatch”,” zee”,”
apple”,”ice”,”jug”,”kite”,”lift”,”man”,”net”,”orange”,”dog”,”ent”,”free”,”gun”,”hen”,”parrot”,”q
ueen”,”ring”,”star”,”tree”,”umbrella”

12. Write a Java program to perform sorting of numbers from 10 to 1 using compareto()

13. Write a Java program using substring() , indexof(), + , for replacing “was” to “is”
“Thwas was a test. Thwas was, too.”

14. Write a java program to demonstrate concat() for s1=”hello” and s2=”world”

15. Write a java program to demonstrate replace(). Replace “College” with “Commege”

16. Write a java program to demonstrate trim() for “ Hello Friends “

17. Design a class which represents a student. Every student record is made up of thefollowing
fields. i) Registration number (int) ii) Full Name (String) iii) Semester (short) iv) CGPA (float)
Write member functions to do the following.
a) Provide default and parameterized constructors to this class
b) Write display method which displays the record. Test the class by writing suitable main
method.
c) Create an array of student record to store minimum of 5 records in it.
Input the records and display them.
d. Perform the following operations by adding member functions to the program implemented in
the above question i) Sort the student records with respect to CGPA. ii) Sort the student record
with respect to name.

18. Demonstrate string buffer functions like Setlength(), Charat(), setcharat() , getchars()
,append() ,Insert(), reverse(),delete(),deletecharat(), Replace(),substring() with simple java
programs.

19.
Write a Java program to create an abstract class Bird with abstract methods fly() and
makeSound(). Create subclasses Eagle and Hawk that extend the Bird class and implement the
respective methods to describe how each bird flies and makes a sound.

20. Write a Java program to create an abstract class Shape with abstract methods calculateArea()
and calculatePerimeter(). Create subclasses Circle and Triangle that extend the Shape class and
implement the respective methods to calculate the area and perimeter of each shape
